# Vilamoura (Saturday 31st March to Monday 2nd April 2017 )#

If you were to transport London's Stratford Westfield Shopping Center, including the people to the South Coast of Portugal, open it up and add more than a sprinkling of Irish Bars while placing a marina in the middle you would have a pretty close approximation to Vilamoura. I suppose if you are the kind of person that never wants to be more than 25 meters away from an English Breakfast then this is a place for you. Silliam, Smiler and I do not feel so at home. 

We search the town for somewhere to eat. We first walk, the not insignificant distance around the marina, looking at the establishments facing the water and those in the back streets but we find nothing that takes our fancy, either in terms of the food on offer or the price. It is only when we double back and head up one of the back streets by the boat that we find Petunia, a restaurant that offers Portuguese cuisine at a reasonable price. As we sit down I notice that all of the clientele excepting us are Portuguese, many engrossed in the football match between Sporting and Braga that is being played out on the television screens. We eat well here and will return regularly to this place over the next 24 hours as we find nowhere near the boat that even comes close.

After dinner we head to an Irish bar to catch the [Joshua Parker fight](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Joshua_vs._Joseph_Parker). If my mother had been given the chance she would have banned boxing, though even she had a soft spot for Muhammad Ali. I'm not a big fan of pugilism myself, but unlike my mother, I would defend others right to fight in this way assuming that they were fully aware of the risks. From what little knowledge I have, Joshua seems to be the boxer while Parker is more a brawler. Joshua's height, reach and skill seem to give him the advantage and he convincingly wins the bout. By the time the fight is over I have drunk enough beer and head back to the boat. The crew meanwhile heads off looking for more adventures eventually blagging their way into a Casino.

The next morning I morning I awake. Trapped in my room. not just by hte stlll fast asleep crew but also by the sail which gives me litle rom in the otherwise large forward cabin. EventuallyI can stand it any longer and I grab my things and head out. Need to search for a Laundrette


Laundry -> Steven West Podcasts Nietsche and Sartre and Camus -> Albert the cat Camus


When I come back from the loo I bore the boys with what I have learnt about Camus and Sartre